A hot dog eating contest doesn't prove that hot dogs can be eaten. Really it's just a contest about who can chew the fastest
I tried to play poker once but i couldn't stay focused on the hand for hours looking for tells so i went back to watching paint drying instead, another exciting game of chance
Trees are great because they take most of their energy from sunlight and convert most of it into oxygen instead of taking most of their energy from carbon dioxide and converting the carbon into oxygen thus creating a carbon sink instead of contributing to global warming therefore they deserve all our respect
I'm afraid of falling asleep in the bath tub because the water level could drop enough for my nose to be in the water
The reason I don't talk to the girls who work here is because they all look like they're my mother and I'm scared I'm related
I was in a band in high school. They were a terrible band. I was too fat, and my friend was too ugly to have a girlfriend so I was his girlfriend
I have a real fear of bees, but a fake fear of being stung by a bee
The best invention of all time? the microwave. It's the only thing that will make people leave you alone
If I were a tree, I'd be a Maple tree. Nothing grows on my trunk, just the world's best hockey stick.
The definition of a hero is "One who engages in a fight, often after someone else has already started it."
I'd rather walk than drive any day of the year. The whole point of walking is to avoid a car.
Longest relationship in my life is a Netflix DVD and a half full jar of ranch dressing
I can't get no sleep because of that night guy under my bed
Last week I tried to eat my breakfast in one bite but ended up just taking a big bite out of my ceiling
I tried to make a sling shot but couldn't find enough fucks
when they put chicken hot dog sausage on the menu at the school cafeteria that's when I knew shit was fucked up in America
I like when people say don't judge a book by its cover but then they post a picture on Instagram with the caption "this caption is irrelevant"
You are never allowed to take a picture of a bathroom while someone else is in the bathroom
I hate when a family member asks me to help them move and its like hey my house has no stairs and its not my job to help them move furniture and help them down the basement
I am so smart my dog is embarrassed to be my friend
Parents are so fake when they say "we're not gonna judge you for your mistakes" because if their kid gets pregnant they are judging them for 9 months straight amen
If baking soda and paprika made a baby would it taste like cheddar or just fucking weird
If your mom gets excited about technology she's gonna try to shop online for sheets that evening
Why is it called the truth when it's the only thing you'll never hear?
My house is full of books about how to be a good friend but none on how to make friends
I disapprove of the term "we" because I'm not apart of this shit
you're the kind of person who gets stuck on their own when everyone else gets stuck at the zoo
I look at the picture of a baby dolphin and I respect the shit outta it
If the internet was real the people on it would be in a different country
Sometimes people say "you're just not ready" but I have no idea what they're referring to because I'm so not ready
I hate when I get in a car and it's hot in the backseat so I try to sit on the window
What's the point of making a plan when you're so scared of the plan?
If you're not from Jersey why are you wearing that Jersey Shore shirt.
If there was a job you couldn't do and you had to quit but had to keep doing it until you got fired, what would it be?
If you eat with your hands you'll have weird fingerprints and when you wash them they'll turn into fingerprints that say "eat with your hands".
The people in charge have the best view from a balcony.